update feature toggler documentation (#73)
easysoftware/developer-portal-devs: docs/Backend_tutorials/features/feature_toggler.md

## ENV exceptions
There are some exceptions in usage of our feature toggler. So far there are only two of them:
- `EASY_FEATURE_ALL_ACTIVE` - this ENV variable is used to enable all features at once. It is useful for deployment purposes.

## Testing environment
To prevent any complications with testing environment, all features are active by default. 

> To inactivate feature it is required to mock either `EasyFeature` methods or your method within  engine/plugin module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deactivate a feature it is required to mock either `EasyFeature` methods or your method within engine/plugin module. 
```
